[ON-HOLD] CPM-152: add command to migrate jobs in the 5.0 -> 6.0 migration (#1644)
akeneo/pim-docs: migrate_pim/upgrade/upgrade_from_50_to_60.rst

Upgrade from 5.0 to 6.0
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Use this documentation to upgrade projects based on Akeneo PIM Community Edition or Enterprise Edition 5.0 to 6.0.

.. warning::
    This documentation is in work in progress as the 6.0 version is not available for now

Disclaimer
**********

Make sure your production database is backed-up before performing the data migration.
The queue daemon(s) must be stopped as well.

Requirements
************

Updated System components
-------------------------

WIP

Updated System dependencies
---------------------------
Check your system dependencies are in sync with :doc:`/install_pim/manual/system_requirements/system_requirements`

Updated crontab definition
--------------------------

> Check your crontab is in sync with :doc:`/cloud_edition/flexibility_mode/docs/crontasks`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check your crontab is in sync with :doc:`/install_pim/manual/common_install_ce_ee`
```

Author: This is a copy-paste from https://github.com/akeneo/pim-docs/blob/master/migrate_pim/upgrade/upgrade_from_40_to_50.rst#updated-crontab-definition  
The doc was not correct?

Reviewer: I guess so
